Clarify what happens with git remote rm command (#13826)
github/docs: content/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories.md

The `git remote rm` command takes one argument:
* A remote name, for example, `destination`

> Note: Removing the remote URL from your respositoy only unlinks the local and remote repositories and does not delete the remote repository 

Reviewer: typo respositoy

> Note: Removing the remote URL from your respositoy only unlinks the local and remote repositories and does not delete the remote repository 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removing the remote URL from your repository only unlinks the local and remote repositories. It does not delete the remote repository.
```
